* Possibility to add tags in the WYSIWYG editor. (for example : Please pay the amount of *tag*invoice_amount*tag* before the expiration date *tag*invoice_expiration*tag


Bugs

2. Even with a complete empty stock, when I add a new group, it gets the number following to the previously made groups (even if they are gone)  so on the ipad it shows up weird.
If there is 1 group in the system the app should also preview the group with number 1, for example the group Koffiebonen has ID 18 on the ipad.

3. When showing the products on alphabet, the numbers should be like 1 comes before 10. At the moment the system says that 10 comes before 1 when its typed in a word (for example)

Coffee 1KG
Coffee 5KG
Coffee 10KG

This is how it should look!

And this is how it looks in the System

Coffee 10KG
Coffee 1KG
Coffee 5KG

This problem I noticed everywhere in the system (also in stock manage)

4. When I make a credit-invoice from an existing invoice, it doesnt take the official invoice out of the debiteuren group, it just adds both invoices while it normally should substract the credit-invoiced amount.

So when I credit a 150 euro invoice, it should become 0 euro in the report of debiteuren and therefor delete the person out of debiteuren list.
Now it adds the number and you get 300 euro when it should be 0 euro


5. From the moment an invoice is made on the ipad, it gets status “Openstaand” which is good. But if I resync the ipad app, without changing anything on the website, the next time I search for the invoice in the ipad app, it tells me the invoice has been payed.

7. Since Employee list in stock, there are no products visible anymore? I can see the product group, but I cant see the products within the group anymore.

8. Status is not changing in Invoice overview

9. Make the “VAT INCLUDED” button like this
Onderstaande ingevoerde prijzen zijn :     ( Exclusief BTW ) → standard option in dropdown
                        ( Inclusief BTW )

10. Translate words in Stock PDF.
Minimum → Minimum voorraad bereikt
25% → Voorraad op 25% van beginwaarde
Normal → Voorraad voldoende

Overall Stock → Totaal
Stock in depot → Magazijn
Stock reservated → Bestellingen
Stock in transit → In transport

Also add a date on the PDF and put this at the top of the page as following

*center*Voorraadlijst
*center*Lijst opgemaakt op dd-mm-yyyy om hh:mm
11. Show stock notice on every page, not only the stock page.

12. Change layout of search results as given in screen

13. I cannot delete products from stock.

14. Possibility to delete Contactgroups, Employee groups, Wholesaler groups.

15. VAT report not working (Government)

16. Show openingtimes like this
09 : 00 - 12 : 00  //  13 : 00 - 18 : 00
If closed also mind the spaces, because now it is Gesloten- Gesloten Gesloten- Gesloten and should be like this
Gesloten // Gesloten → so no need for 4 times Gesloten on 1 line.

17. Make box larger of stock notice



18. In stock manage there are more products then there are showed in the product list? Check the category “Koffie” in stock manage, and then check it in productlist

test and TEST PRODUCT → Dont show up in product list
test6546 → shows up in product list but not in manage

Stock manage has 16 products in koffie, while list only shows 12?

19. Change font size of “Selecteer een leveranciersgroep” in Wholesalers, because now it gets out of the box

20. Dont show “Functie” in title on suppliers.

21. Delete text in footer (Versie 1.1 / Upgraden naar versie 2.0)

22. When typing a product in the invoice/receipt/offer/purchase/packing list it automatically shows you products with the same letters, could you please show more then 5 results?
